README.md, before:

<p align="center">
  <a href="https://github.com/edrickleong/smartbank">
    <img src="docs/images/smartbank-logo.svg" alt="Logo" width="120" height="120">
  </a>

<h3 align="center">SmartBank</h3>

<p align="center">
    A demo banking app made with React Native and Supabase. 
    <br />
    Designed by <a href="https://twitter.com/uiuxadrian">Adrian Kuleszo</a>
    <br />
    Demo app created by <a href="https://twitter.com/edrickleong_">Edrick Leong</a>
    <br />
    <br />
    <a href="https://github.com/edrickleong/smartbank/issues">Report Bug</a>
    ·
    <a href="https://github.com/edrickleong/smartbank/issues">Request Feature</a>
</p>

![Mockup](docs/images/mockup.png)

This project uses designs from Adrian Kuleszo's
book [The UI Professional's Design Manual](https://uiadrian.gumroad.com/l/design-manual). Support him by purchasing a
copy of his book on [Gumroad](https://uiadrian.gumroad.com/l/design-manual).

## Demo

<p align="center">
  <img src="docs/demo.gif" alt="demo" width="360" />
</p>

## 📱 Flows

These are groups of screens based on the design manual above.
Some of these screens have been created without adding functionality yet. For example,
the phone verifications screens have been created but do not integrate with a phone verification service.

- [x] Walkthrough
- [x] Login
- [x] Account setup
- [x] Phone verification
- [x] Create passcode
- [ ] Legal information
- [ ] Notifications
- [ ] Verify Identity
- [ ] Selfie
- [ ] Create a card
- [ ] Top up account
- [ ] Home screen
- [ ] Transfer money
- [ ] Exchange money
- [ ] Profile settings
- [ ] Upload avatar

## ✨ Features

- [x] 🔒 Sign Up / Log In
- [ ] 📞 Phone Verification
- [ ] 🔐 Setup PIN + Face ID
- [ ] 📷 Photo Verification
- [ ] 🔔 Request for Notifications
- [ ] 👤 Upload Avatar

## 🔧 Built with

- [Expo](https://expo.dev/) - A framework for building React Native apps
- [NativeWind](https://www.nativewind.dev/) - Tailwind CSS for React Native
- [Supabase](https://supabase.com/) - Auth & Database platform

## 🚀 Local Development

1. Install Bun

```shell
brew install bun
```

OR

```shell
npm install -g bun
```

2Clone the repo

```sh
git clone https://github.com/edrickleong/smartbank
```

3. Install NPM packages

```sh
bun install
```

4. Copy the `.env.example` file as a `.env` file and add the missing environment variables.
   You will need to sign up for a [Supabase account](https://supabase.com/) and create a project.
   You will need to update your Site URL under Authentication > URL Configuration > Site URL to
   `com.edrickleong.smartbank`.

```shell
5. Run the development server

```

bun start

```

Commit message:

feat(api): add samconfig.toml for multi-environment deployment (T006)
- Add comprehensive samconfig.toml with 5 environment configurations
- Configure development, staging, production, local, and test environments
- Set AWS region to ap-southeast-2 for Australian banking compliance
- Enable automatic S3 bucket resolution for deployment artifacts
- Configure required IAM capabilities (CAPABILITY_IAM, CAPABILITY_NAMED_IAM)
- Add environment-specific parameter overrides for Stage and Environment
- Create proper Lambda layer structure for node_modules
- Validate all environments with successful changeset creation
- Test all 15 Lambda functions and infrastructure resources

Closes T006

README.md, after:

<p align="center">
  <a href="https://github.com/edrickleong/smartbank">
    <img src="docs/images/smartbank-logo.svg" alt="Logo" width="120" height="120">
  </a>

<h3 align="center">SmartBank</h3>

<p align="center">
    A demo banking app made with React Native and Supabase. 
    <br />
    Designed by <a href="https://twitter.com/uiuxadrian">Adrian Kuleszo</a>
    <br />
    Demo app created by <a href="https://twitter.com/edrickleong_">Edrick Leong</a>
    <br />
    <br />
    <a href="https://github.com/edrickleong/smartbank/issues">Report Bug</a>
    ·
    <a href="https://github.com/edrickleong/smartbank/issues">Request Feature</a>
</p>

![Mockup](docs/images/mockup.png)

This project uses designs from Adrian Kuleszo's
book [The UI Professional's Design Manual](https://uiadrian.gumroad.com/l/design-manual). Support him by purchasing a
copy of his book on [Gumroad](https://uiadrian.gumroad.com/l/design-manual).

## ⚠️ Constitution Compliance Required

**This project is governed by the SmartBank Constitution.** All AI assistants and developers MUST:

- **Read the constitution**: [`.specify/memory/constitution.md`](.specify/memory/constitution.md)
- **Follow the checklist**: [`.specify/checklist.md`](.specify/checklist.md)
- **Ask for confirmation** before implementing any changes
- **Follow one-task-at-a-time** protocol
- **Reference the constitution** before any code changes

**Constitution Version**: 2.1.0 | **Last Updated**: 2024-12-19

## Demo

<p align="center">
  <img src="docs/demo.gif" alt="demo" width="360" />
</p>

## 📱 Flows

These are groups of screens based on the design manual above.
Some of these screens have been created without adding functionality yet. For example,
the phone verifications screens have been created but do not integrate with a phone verification service.

- [x] Walkthrough
- [x] Login
- [x] Account setup
- [x] Phone verification
- [x] Create passcode
- [ ] Legal information
- [ ] Notifications
- [ ] Verify Identity
- [ ] Selfie
- [ ] Create a card
- [ ] Top up account
- [ ] Home screen
- [ ] Transfer money
- [ ] Exchange money
- [ ] Profile settings
- [ ] Upload avatar

## ✨ Features

- [x] 🔒 Sign Up / Log In
- [ ] 📞 Phone Verification
- [ ] 🔐 Setup PIN + Face ID
- [ ] 📷 Photo Verification
- [ ] 🔔 Request for Notifications
- [ ] 👤 Upload Avatar

## 🔧 Built with

- [Expo](https://expo.dev/) - A framework for building React Native apps
- [NativeWind](https://www.nativewind.dev/) - Tailwind CSS for React Native
- [Supabase](https://supabase.com/) - Auth & Database platform

## 🚀 Local Development

1. Install Bun

```shell
brew install bun
```

OR

```shell
npm install -g bun
```

2Clone the repo

```sh
git clone https://github.com/edrickleong/smartbank
```

3. Install NPM packages

```sh
bun install
```

4. Copy the `.env.example` file as a `.env` file and add the missing environment variables.
   You will need to sign up for a [Supabase account](https://supabase.com/) and create a project.
   You will need to update your Site URL under Authentication > URL Configuration > Site URL to
   `com.edrickleong.smartbank`.

```shell
5. Run the development server

```

bun start

```
